Start of a transcript of:

Hell Ride
The ride of a lifetime... by No Shoes
Release 123 / Serial number 250124 / Inform 7 v10.1.2 / D
Inform 7 v10.1.2
Identification number: //E0A5AFB9-18BF-4485-B083-426CA51CCE70//
Interpreter version 0.6.0 / VM 3.1.3
Singing Reloaded version 1 by Shin
Basic Help Menu version 4 by Wade Clarke
Menus version 5 by Wade Clarke

>credits
Hell Ride, Copyright 2025 by Dana Montgomery and 1988 by No Shoes.

Extensions used in Hell Ride:
Basic Inform version 1 by Graham Nelson
English Language version 1 by Graham Nelson
Standard Rules version 6 by Graham Nelson
Modified Exit version 6 by Emily Short
Locksmith version 13 by Emily Short
Singing Reloaded version 1 by Shin
Basic Help Menu version 4 by Wade Clarke
Basic Screen Effects version 8 by Emily Short
Menus version 5 by Wade Clarke

>pick blueberries
Taken.

[Your score has just gone up by five points.]

>eat berries
The blueberries were delicious. A true taste of summer!

[Your score has just gone up by five points.]

>enter car
You get into the beater car.

In the beater car you can see an air freshener.

>look at seat
A faux leather seat that looked great when it was new.

>l under seat
You find the three quarters, the nickel, the five dimes, and your keys!

[Your score has just gone up by five points.]

>take all
your keys: Taken.
dime: Taken.
dime: Taken.
dime: Taken.
dime: Taken.
dime: Taken.
nickel: Taken.
quarter: Taken.
quarter: Taken.
quarter: Taken.
parking ticket: You'll have to pay for that.
parking stub: That seems to belong to the Parking Attendant.
air freshener: Taken.

>exit
You get out of the beater car.

Parking Lot
The carnival parking lot stretches across an open field, its gravel crunching under arriving cars. Temporary floodlights and the carnival's colorful glow light the area, while distant laughter, music, and the hum of rides fill the air.

Cars park haphazardly, guided by makeshift signs and fluttering flags. Families unload strollers and blankets, their chatter mixing with the carnival sounds. Others linger in vehicles, preparing for the chilly evening.

Shadows from nearby trees create dark pockets pierced by the occasional flashlight. Near the entrance, an attendant collects fees at a weathered booth, coins jingling in the cash box.

Puddles from recent rain shimmer with reflected lights, while patches of mud cling to unwary shoes. At the far end, RVs and trailers sit quietly, their occupants watching the Ferris wheel spin lazily against the sky.

Alive with anticipation, the parking lot marks the transition from the ordinary to the magic of the carnival.

The midway is to the south. There is a blueberry bush here. The bush has been picked clean.

Your car is here. It's a bit of a beater. Inside the car, you can see the seat, the ignition, the dashboard, and the glove box.

You can see a Parking Attendant here.

The attendant has a parking ticket. The price of a parking ticket is $5.00.

>open glovebox
(first unlocking the glove box)
(with your keys)
You open the glove box, revealing a pair of gloves.

>get gloves
Taken.

>wear gloves
You put on the pair of gloves.

>give coupon to attendant
(first taking the coupon)
Done. The price of a parking ticket is now $3.00.

>pay for ticket
The attendant mumbles something about the stub.

You fork over $3.00 for the parking ticket, leaving yourself with $27.00.

>put stub on dashboard
You put the parking stub on the dashboard.

>listen
You can hear all the sounds of the carnival. The sounds of a calliope waft across the thoroughfare from the carousel. You can hear the laughter and screams as other patrons ride the rides and play the games.

>smell
You smell the odors of the carnival. As you inhale deeply, you can discern fresh, hot buttered popcorn, the sweet aroma of cotton candy, and the warm doughy scent of pretzels.

>